Since the program is project-based,
we're going to dive into your first project.
Now you're probably thinking,
you guys haven't even taught me anything yet.
Well, you can think of this first project as a warm up.
It will help you become comfortable with the project submission and review process,
as well as introduce you to a few of
the concepts you'll be learning throughout the rest of the program.
After you finish and submit your projects,
it will go to one of our expert reviewers.
For most projects, if there's something that needs improvement,
you'll get feedback on how to improve it,
and you can resubmit as many times as you need to in order to pass the project.
Since this project is a warm up,
you'll just submit it once, get feedback,
and then move on to the next project regardless of how you did.
So don't worry at all.
You can't fail. Just try your best.
Ready to get started?
Take a look at the next session for the description of the project. Good luck.